likewise this is the law of the trespass
likewise this is the law of the trespass offering it is most holy in the place
offering it is most holy in the place
offering it is most holy in the place where they kill the burnt offering they
where they kill the burnt offering they
where they kill the burnt offering they shall kill the trespass offering and its
shall kill the trespass offering and its
shall kill the trespass offering and its blood he shall sprinkle all around on
blood he shall sprinkle all around on
blood he shall sprinkle all around on the altar and he shall offer from it all
the altar and he shall offer from it all
the altar and he shall offer from it all it's facts the fat tails and the fat
it's facts the fat tails and the fat
it's facts the fat tails and the fat that covers the entrails the two kidneys
that covers the entrails the two kidneys
that covers the entrails the two kidneys and the fat that is on them by the
and the fat that is on them by the
and the fat that is on them by the flanks and the fatty lobe attached to
flanks and the fatty lobe attached to
flanks and the fatty lobe attached to the liver above the kidneys he shall
the liver above the kidneys he shall
the liver above the kidneys he shall removed and the priest shall burn them
removed and the priest shall burn them
removed and the priest shall burn them on the altar as an offering made by fire
on the altar as an offering made by fire
on the altar as an offering made by fire to the Lord it is a trespass offering
to the Lord it is a trespass offering
to the Lord it is a trespass offering every male among the priests may eat it
every male among the priests may eat it
every male among the priests may eat it it shall be eaten in a holy place it is
it shall be eaten in a holy place it is
it shall be eaten in a holy place it is most only the trespass offering is like
most only the trespass offering is like
most only the trespass offering is like the sin offering there is one law for
the sin offering there is one law for
the sin offering there is one law for them both the priest who makes atonement
them both the priest who makes atonement
them both the priest who makes atonement with it shall have it and the priest who
with it shall have it and the priest who
with it shall have it and the priest who offers anyone's burnt offering that
offers anyone's burnt offering that
offers anyone's burnt offering that priest shall have for himself the skin
priest shall have for himself the skin
priest shall have for himself the skin of the burnt offering which he has
of the burnt offering which he has
of the burnt offering which he has offered also every grain offering that
offered also every grain offering that
offered also every grain offering that is baked in the oven and all that is
is baked in the oven and all that is
is baked in the oven and all that is prepared in the covered pan or in a pan
prepared in the covered pan or in a pan
prepared in the covered pan or in a pan shall be the priests who offers it every
shall be the priests who offers it every
shall be the priests who offers it every grain offering whether mixed with oil or
grain offering whether mixed with oil or
grain offering whether mixed with oil or dry shall belong to all the sons of
dry shall belong to all the sons of
dry shall belong to all the sons of Aaron 2:1 as much as the other this is
Aaron 2:1 as much as the other this is
Aaron 2:1 as much as the other this is the law of the sacrifice of peace
the law of the sacrifice of peace
the law of the sacrifice of peace offerings which he shall offer to the
offerings which he shall offer to the
offerings which he shall offer to the Lord if he offers it for a Thanksgiving
Lord if he offers it for a Thanksgiving
Lord if he offers it for a Thanksgiving then he shall offer with the sacrifice
then he shall offer with the sacrifice
then he shall offer with the sacrifice of Thanksgiving unleavened cakes mixed
of Thanksgiving unleavened cakes mixed
of Thanksgiving unleavened cakes mixed with oil unleavened wafers anointed with
with oil unleavened wafers anointed with
with oil unleavened wafers anointed with oil or cakes of blended flour mixed with
oil or cakes of blended flour mixed with
oil or cakes of blended flour mixed with oil
oil
oil besides the cakes as his offering he
besides the cakes as his offering he
besides the cakes as his offering he shall offer leavened bread with the
shall offer leavened bread with the
shall offer leavened bread with the sacrifice of Thanksgiving of his peace
sacrifice of Thanksgiving of his peace
sacrifice of Thanksgiving of his peace offering and from it he shall offer one
offering and from it he shall offer one
offering and from it he shall offer one cake from each offering as a heave of
cake from each offering as a heave of
cake from each offering as a heave of ring to the Lord it shall belong to the
ring to the Lord it shall belong to the
ring to the Lord it shall belong to the priest who sprinkles the blood of the
priest who sprinkles the blood of the
priest who sprinkles the blood of the peace-offering
peace-offering
peace-offering the flesh of the sacrifice of his peace
the flesh of the sacrifice of his peace
the flesh of the sacrifice of his peace offering for Thanksgiving shall be eaten
offering for Thanksgiving shall be eaten
offering for Thanksgiving shall be eaten the same day it is offered he shall not
the same day it is offered he shall not
the same day it is offered he shall not leave any of it until morning but if the
leave any of it until morning but if the
leave any of it until morning but if the sacrifice of his offering is a vow or a
sacrifice of his offering is a vow or a
sacrifice of his offering is a vow or a voluntary offering it shall be eaten the
voluntary offering it shall be eaten the
voluntary offering it shall be eaten the same day that he offers his sacrifice
same day that he offers his sacrifice
same day that he offers his sacrifice but on the next day the remainder of it
but on the next day the remainder of it
but on the next day the remainder of it also may be eaten the remainder of the
also may be eaten the remainder of the
also may be eaten the remainder of the flesh of the sacrifice on the third day
flesh of the sacrifice on the third day
flesh of the sacrifice on the third day must be burned with fire and if any of
must be burned with fire and if any of
must be burned with fire and if any of the flesh of the sacrifice of his peace
the flesh of the sacrifice of his peace
the flesh of the sacrifice of his peace offering is eaten at all on the third
offering is eaten at all on the third
offering is eaten at all on the third day it shall not be accepted nor shall
day it shall not be accepted nor shall
day it shall not be accepted nor shall it be imputed to him it shall be an
it be imputed to him it shall be an
it be imputed to him it shall be an abomination to him who offers it and the
abomination to him who offers it and the
abomination to him who offers it and the person who eats of it shall bear guilt
person who eats of it shall bear guilt
person who eats of it shall bear guilt the flesh that touches any unclean thing
the flesh that touches any unclean thing
the flesh that touches any unclean thing shall not be eaten it shall be burned
shall not be eaten it shall be burned
shall not be eaten it shall be burned with fire and as for the clean flesh all
with fire and as for the clean flesh all
with fire and as for the clean flesh all who are clean may eat of it but the
who are clean may eat of it but the
who are clean may eat of it but the person who eats the flesh of the
person who eats the flesh of the
person who eats the flesh of the sacrifice of the peace offering that
sacrifice of the peace offering that
sacrifice of the peace offering that belongs to the Lord while he is unclean
belongs to the Lord while he is unclean
belongs to the Lord while he is unclean that person shall be cut off from his
that person shall be cut off from his
that person shall be cut off from his people
people
people moreover the person who touches any
moreover the person who touches any
moreover the person who touches any unclean thing such as human uncleanness
unclean thing such as human uncleanness
unclean thing such as human uncleanness an unclean animal or any abominable
an unclean animal or any abominable
an unclean animal or any abominable unclean thing and who eats the flesh of
unclean thing and who eats the flesh of
unclean thing and who eats the flesh of the sacrifice of the peace offering that
the sacrifice of the peace offering that
the sacrifice of the peace offering that belongs to the Lord that person shall be
belongs to the Lord that person shall be
belongs to the Lord that person shall be from his people and the Lord spoke to
from his people and the Lord spoke to
from his people and the Lord spoke to Moses speak to the children of Israel
Moses speak to the children of Israel
Moses speak to the children of Israel saying you shall not eat any fat of ox
saying you shall not eat any fat of ox
saying you shall not eat any fat of ox or sheep or goat and the fat of an
or sheep or goat and the fat of an
or sheep or goat and the fat of an animal that dies naturally and the fat
animal that dies naturally and the fat
animal that dies naturally and the fat of what is torn by wild beasts may be
of what is torn by wild beasts may be
of what is torn by wild beasts may be used in any other way but you shall by
used in any other way but you shall by
used in any other way but you shall by no means eat it for whoever eats the fat
no means eat it for whoever eats the fat
no means eat it for whoever eats the fat of the animal of which men offer an
of the animal of which men offer an
of the animal of which men offer an offering made by fire to the Lord the
offering made by fire to the Lord the
offering made by fire to the Lord the person who eats it shall be cut off from
person who eats it shall be cut off from
person who eats it shall be cut off from his people
his people
his people moreover you shall not eat any blood in
moreover you shall not eat any blood in
moreover you shall not eat any blood in any of your dwellings whether of bird or
any of your dwellings whether of bird or
any of your dwellings whether of bird or beast whoever eats any blood that person
beast whoever eats any blood that person
beast whoever eats any blood that person shall be cut off from his people then
shall be cut off from his people then
shall be cut off from his people then the Lord spoke to Moses speak to the
the Lord spoke to Moses speak to the
the Lord spoke to Moses speak to the children of Israel saying he who offers
children of Israel saying he who offers
children of Israel saying he who offers the sacrifice of his peace offering to
the sacrifice of his peace offering to
the sacrifice of his peace offering to the Lord shall bring his offering to the
the Lord shall bring his offering to the
the Lord shall bring his offering to the Lord from the sacrifice of his peace
Lord from the sacrifice of his peace
Lord from the sacrifice of his peace offering his own hands shall bring the
offering his own hands shall bring the
offering his own hands shall bring the offerings made by fire to the Lord the
offerings made by fire to the Lord the
offerings made by fire to the Lord the fact with the breasts he shall bring
fact with the breasts he shall bring
fact with the breasts he shall bring that the breasts may be waved as a wave
that the breasts may be waved as a wave
that the breasts may be waved as a wave offering before the Lord and the priests
offering before the Lord and the priests
offering before the Lord and the priests shall burn the fat on the altar but the
shall burn the fat on the altar but the
shall burn the fat on the altar but the breasts shall be Aaron's and his sons
breasts shall be Aaron's and his sons
breasts shall be Aaron's and his sons also the right thigh you shall give to
also the right thigh you shall give to
also the right thigh you shall give to the priest as a heave offering from the
the priest as a heave offering from the
the priest as a heave offering from the sacrifices of your peace offerings he
sacrifices of your peace offerings he
sacrifices of your peace offerings he among the sons of Aaron who offers the
among the sons of Aaron who offers the
among the sons of Aaron who offers the blood of the peace-offering and the fat
blood of the peace-offering and the fat
blood of the peace-offering and the fat shall have the right thigh for his part
shall have the right thigh for his part
shall have the right thigh for his part for the breasts of the wave offering and
for the breasts of the wave offering and
for the breasts of the wave offering and the thigh of the heave offering I have
the thigh of the heave offering I have
the thigh of the heave offering I have taken from the children of Israel from
taken from the children of Israel from
taken from the children of Israel from the sacrifices of their peace offerings
the sacrifices of their peace offerings
the sacrifices of their peace offerings and I have given them to err on the
and I have given them to err on the
and I have given them to err on the priests and to his sons from the
priests and to his sons from the
priests and to his sons from the children of Israel by a statute for ever
children of Israel by a statute for ever
children of Israel by a statute for ever this is the consecrated portion for
this is the consecrated portion for
this is the consecrated portion for Aaron and his sons from the offerings
Aaron and his sons from the offerings
Aaron and his sons from the offerings made by fire to the Lord
made by fire to the Lord
made by fire to the Lord on the day when Moses presented them to
on the day when Moses presented them to
on the day when Moses presented them to minister to the Lord as priests
minister to the Lord as priests
minister to the Lord as priests the LORD commanded this to be given to
the LORD commanded this to be given to
the LORD commanded this to be given to them by the children of Israel on the
them by the children of Israel on the
them by the children of Israel on the day that he anointed them by a statute
day that he anointed them by a statute
day that he anointed them by a statute forever throughout their generations
forever throughout their generations
forever throughout their generations this is the law of the burnt offering
this is the law of the burnt offering
this is the law of the burnt offering the grain offering the sin offering the
the grain offering the sin offering the
the grain offering the sin offering the trespass offering the consecrations and
trespass offering the consecrations and
trespass offering the consecrations and the sacrifice of the peace offering
the sacrifice of the peace offering
the sacrifice of the peace offering which the LORD commanded Moses on Mount
which the LORD commanded Moses on Mount
which the LORD commanded Moses on Mount Sinai on the day when he commanded the
Sinai on the day when he commanded the
Sinai on the day when he commanded the children of Israel to offer their
children of Israel to offer their
children of Israel to offer their offerings to the Lord in the wilderness
offerings to the Lord in the wilderness
offerings to the Lord in the wilderness of Sinai